---
layout: post
title: Falling in love with London...again
excerpt: Ever since I visited London at the age of 8 I adored it. You will always be exploring and finding new places but I fell out of love with it.
---
One of the best things about London is that there is always something to do. You can eat any type of food, spontaneously go to the theatre after work, go to a work-in-progress comedy show, go to a weird gin smoke room thing. But...this is also the reason I fell out of love with it. You will try to do everything and it's exhausting. And that is exactly what happened to me. I was so busy that I would easily go 2 weeks without an evening in my house. Getting home at gone 11 most nights and then getting up at 7am. It really was exhausting and I was reaching burn out.

I stopped enjoying the lifestyle. I had also become someone who huffed and tutted at slow walkers or got annoyed that people would stop to take photos. I remember one particular occasion when I was cycling home from work and got halted at Tower Bridge as the bridge was opening. This [amazing moment](https://www.instagram.com/p/vo6ICEK-Fb/?taken-by=kimberleycook) that was happening right in front of me actually annoyed me as I just wanted to get home. This is ridiculously stupid, many people around the world would love to see this moment and I just got annoyed with it. I stopped appreciating this beautiful city that I was in. That wasn't me. I've always been someone who loved absorbing new places. London is a great place but I didn't like who I was becoming.

So I knew it was time for a break. I was gone for a total of 4.5 months before coming back and my god did I love coming back. Over the next 2 weeks I walked around with my eyes wide open rather than rushing to my next destination. I walked slower and appreciated everything around me. I missed the food a lot too, so much so that a week before arriving back I made a list. No joke! And no, I am not talking the cool hipster places. I wanted food I hadn't eaten over the last 4 months; Nandos, Itsu, Dishoom, Dominos Pizza, Wahaca, Pret and a roast dinner :). Judge me all ya like but they were all bloody great.

I also went back to London during the holiday period which is magical. Walking past Selfridges with all the lights glowing is absolutely beautiful.

<div class="instagram-embed">
<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:37.4537037037037% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div> <p style=" margin:8px 0 0 0; padding:0 4px;"> <a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BNaT7FvjD-9/" style=" color:#000; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none; word-wrap:break-word;" target="_blank">Christmas mode activated. Very happy to be back home for 2 weeks</a></p> <p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;">A photo posted by kimberleycook (@kimberleycook) on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2016-11-29T22:38:43+00:00">Nov 29, 2016 at 2:38pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
</div>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

I am away from London again now but can honestly say I am so excited to go back.

KC x
